cxx-qt-gen: support base class for the qobject macro (#214)
KDAB/cxx-qt: book/src/qobject/macro.md

{{#include ../../../examples/qml_with_threaded_logic/src/lib.rs:book_namespace_register}}
```

> You can also specify the base class by using `#[cxx_qt::qobject(base = "QStringListModel")]`, note that you need to use CXX to include any headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify the base class by using `#[cxx_qt::qobject(base = "QStringListModel")]`. Note that you need to use CXX to include the header that the base class is declared in.
```

Author: Done
